Arp Spoofer 

    An ARP (Address Resolution Protocol) spoofer is a tool or technique used in network attacks
    where an attacker sends false ARP messages over a local network. This typically results
    in the attacker being able to associate their MAC address with the IP address of another
    device (such as a router or another computer), causing network traffic to be redirected
    through the attacker's machine.

    Why ARP Spoofing is possible:
        Clients accept responses even if they did not send a request.
        Clients trust response without any form of verification.
    
    How ARP Spoofing Works:

    ARP Basics: 
        ARP is used to map IP addresses to MAC addresses within a local network.
        When one device wants to communicate with another device,
        it broadcasts an ARP request to find the MAC address of the target device,
        and the target device replies with its MAC address.

    ARP Spoofing Attack: 
        In an ARP spoofing attack, the attacker sends fake (or "spoofed")
        ARP replies, telling devices on the network that their IP address is associated with
        the attacker’s MAC address, rather than the legitimate device.

    Man-in-the-Middle (MITM): 
        Once the attacker successfully "spoofs" the ARP tables on the network, it can intercept, 
        modify, or even block communications between devices. 
        This is often used for Man-in-the-Middle (MITM) attacks, 
        where the attacker can eavesdrop on or alter the communication between two parties.
    
    Consequences:

        Data Interception: 
            Sensitive information, such as passwords or personal data, can be captured.

        Denial of Service: 
            The attacker can disrupt network traffic by dropping packets or preventing legitimate 
            communication.
            
        Malware Injection: 
            The attacker can inject malicious data or software into the communication stream.
    
    Protection Measures:

    Static ARP entries: Manually configuring ARP tables to prevent automatic updates.
    ARP monitoring tools: Tools that detect suspicious ARP activity on the network.
    Encryption: Using encrypted communication channels (e.g., HTTPS) to mitigate data interception.

    Handling Exceptions 

        Try/except can be used to handle errors
        Write default code in try block 
        Write code to run if error occurs in except block

    -> if error occurs exception block gets executed, otherwise try code gets executed

    Syntax 
        try: 
            # default code to run 
        Except[exception type]:
            #Code to run when exception/error occurs 
    